{"summary": "Build a full-bleed neo-brutalist website mega footer with a giant hollow-stroke wordmark, a scrolling category marquee, three link columns, a newsletter card, a social row, and a legal bar with a live status pill.", "style": "Neo-brutalist acid-yellow palette: page/footer background acid yellow #f2e312 (deep-yellow accent #e6d400), ink near-black #16150f for all text, borders and 8px/5px hard offset box-shadows (8px 8px 0 #16150f), cream #f7f3e3 for cards/tiles/social chips, white #ffffff for the email input (focus tint #fffce0), emerald-700 #047857 dot for the status pill. Fonts via Google Fonts: Archivo Black for the oversized uppercase wordmark and column headings (tight -0.04em tracking, 0.78 line-height), Space Grotesk for body, Space Mono for labels, links, and legal copy (uppercase, wide letter-spacing). Mood is loud, blocky, high-contrast editorial; accents are thick 3px-4px ink rules, hard drop shadows, and hover states that slide ink-yellow inverse. No gradients, no soft shadows.", "layout_and_structure": "Frameless, full-bleed footer; all content centered in a max-w-1380px container with px-5 to px-8 gutters. Top to bottom: an oversized hollow-and-solid 'Promptsmith' wordmark (clamp 2.9rem to 10.4rem, one line from sm up, stacked on phones), a 4px ink divider, then a 12-column grid. Left 4 cols hold a blocky abstract logo mark plus a mono blurb and a social row; right 8 cols hold three link-column navs above a full-width newsletter card. A 4px ink divider then a legal bar. Responsive reflow: desktop is 12-col with link columns in 3-up; tablet keeps 3-up link columns but stacks the left mark above; mobile drops to single column, link columns become 2-up, the wordmark stacks to two lines, the newsletter input and button stack vertically, and the legal bar stacks copyright above the legal/status links. A yellow scrolling category marquee with a 4px bottom rule sits directly above the footer.", "special_ui_components": "Newsletter card: cream panel with 4px ink border and hard shadow holding a heading, mono subline, a white bordered email input (placeholder you@studio.com) and a yellow bordered Subscribe button with a paper-plane icon and press animation. Social row: four 44px cream square chips with 3px ink borders and small hard shadows for X, GitHub, Discord, YouTube. Blocky logo mark: 4x4 grid of 36px ink and yellow tiles inside a bordered cream box with hover-to-ink tiles. Scrolling marquee strip of design categories (Dashboards, Landing Pages, Mobile Apps, SaaS UI, Pricing Tables, Onboarding, Components, Email Templates) separated by sparkle glyphs. Legal bar with Privacy/Terms/Security links plus a live 'All systems operational' status pill with an emerald dot. Link rows slide right and invert to ink-on-yellow on hover.", "special_notes": "Frameless: no browser chrome, device frame, or mockup wrapper. Footer is full-bleed acid yellow edge to edge with content max-width capped. Use thick 3px-4px ink borders and hard offset shadows everywhere, never soft blur. Keep all text WCAG-legible: ink #16150f on yellow #f2e312 and on cream #f7f3e3. Strictly avoid generic indigo or violet SaaS-slop palettes and rounded soft-shadow cards. Honor brand voice in microcopy (no em-dashes). Include hover/press micro-interactions and an infinite marquee animation."}